off the field with the HBC presented by
chick-fil-a visit our locations on
forest drive in two notch road when you
tailgate put the burger ask the chicken
Kenan sucks taking care of your
insurance needs so you can get back to
enjoying the game and by James W Smith
real estate at the beach ask about our
Gamecock offseason special you know I
know you let the players off for the
weekend so we talked about this last
night we got to routine on the road and
what have you but what's your routine
for your office yeah we let the players
off the team off the coaches off the
support staff everybody we're actually
probably one of the few teams in a
country that hasn't had an open date yet
everybody has to and ours are after six
games and then I think after nine games
so we'll have three in a row and have
another open date but I've always let
the guys all for the weekend let them
sort of recharge their batteries and get
ready to go the following week so that's
what we'll do this weekend we'll
practice briefly thirsty and most of
guys are going to be excused from class
on Friday because of the open date so
hopefully get coming back ready to
finish up this season the right way will
you watch football over the weekend will
certainly there's so many good games on
this weekend most of them involved
Western Division guys but I got a lot of
good friends you know coaching over
there Mississippi State to Mississippi
Hugh Freeze talked to him yesterday
congratulate him on a big win over
Alabama and all those coaches a there's
a lot of good games on is this the right
time for bye week do you have a
preference on by weeks or when they
happened like that doesn't really matter
looking back we probably could use the
one after the third or fourth game but
it doesn't really matter we know what
schedule is to start with and in our
schedule at the beginning of the season
we thought was very favorable and and we
you know we've had a couple of losses
here in a row
we couldn't hold the lead in the fourth
quarter so we're not playing our best
but hopefully our guys can recharge and
we can do a better job coaching starting
with me we got a coach better play
better and try to finish up with a
winning season try to get to bowl game
and go from there what kind of pauses
I'm did you see out of this last game
coach how the kentucky game what what
think what could you kind of hang your
hat on in terms of well as a
disappointing finish obviously we ran
for a whole bunch of yards running backs
all played well but i don't know how you
get any positives out losing a game you
had certainly had a chance to win which
was the same as the missouri game but
its history you know and we as coaches
you always look back oh boy I wish I'd
called that play I wish I'd called that
defense or this send the other but you
can't get them back and once it's over
you try to regroup and learn from it and
get ready for the next team on the whole
you know on the year after six games is
there anything that you can really take
this positive all right any players that
really stuck out to you it was certainly
would be Georgia that's only positive I
know of and we beat East Carolina which
was a very good team I think that's
their only loss and George's only lost
was to us we scraped by vandy almost
scraped by Kentucky and you know that's
just sort of the team we are this year
we've had her chances to scrape by a
couple of teams we didn't do it and got
clobbered by Texas A&M but i still
believe we can play better i may be
wrong but we got a coach's we got to
tell our players come on that we play
better and we're playing and we need to
coach better also coach it's out there
and I know the answer but I bet when I
have more than two people ask me this
question say well coach first time you
get frustrated and quit is he I think
there's a little bit more yeah I know
that question will start coming up when
you just as long as I have but we got
one of the coaches today said we got
help coming on the way next year we've
got some defensive players and on the
way that we think
can really help us and so forth we do
have an outstanding recruiting class one
of the top junior college linemen in the
nation's committed to us I can't use his
name right now because he hadn't signed
but we do have some really good players
on the way yeah you don't use the word
transition a little bit coaches it's
kind of way this year's sorting out you
just there's just a couple days here
than there that aren't wealth please you
know is it was interesting everybody
picked us to win and the east of are a
lot of people did and yet we had one
defensive player make third team all-sec
I said we'll wait a minute now if we're
close to win or we're going to have just
one guy to make a third team all-sec and
I I thought sky more should have been
first or second team or something like
yet some of these other guys but the way
we've played this year on defense maybe
that's that's where we are we're just
not quite as good it just hasn't worked
out and I think we could have coasted a
little bit better on offense and defense
and special teams special teams has done
nothing this year productive force so
we're we're just a struggling bunch but
we've been in every game but one so we
got to believe we got a chance to win
some close games as we finish up you
talked about on your teleconference
earlier this week that you know you're a
couple fourth quarter finishes about
away from being five and one right in
the thick of things as a head coach is
it easier to be 6 and 0 and get your
team's motivating you how you know and
then to be three and three you're going
to change your composure how do you go
about that as a head coach I've always
tried to approach every game pretty
similarly have a game plan see if you
can execute it gets your team fired up
and ready to play that's a big big thing
we have right now we don't have a lot of
Rob Rob guys we don't have guys with
fired up energy flying around chirag go
lucky I love the way he plays he tries
he might miss the tackle or two here and
there and he might drop an interception
but he tries as hard as he can he's all
over the place playing fast and I wish
we had the whole team doing that but
that's just sort of where we are right
now but again you know a few place here
there could be better or it could be
worse I mean we could have lost to
George in East Carolina and Vanderbilt
so we're not a dominant team by any
means and we just got to keep coaching
harden trying to maybe get some
different guys on the field find out who
your players are big part of coaching is
recognizing who's a ball player you know
some guys may look good in practice and
the game starts don't play very well so
that's part of coaching recognizing who
you ballplayers are thanks for your time
okay man talk to you next week off the
field with the HBC was presented by
chick-fil-a is it our locations on
forest drive in two notch road when you
tailgate put the burger ask the chicken
Kenan Suggs taking care of your
insurance needs so you can get back to
enjoying the game and by James W Smith
real estate at the beach ask about our
Gamecock offseason special